Location: In orbit around Agreus
Date: 195.09.01

Though well-renowned throughout military circles across the sector, captain Nola Ganymede was a frustratingly reclusive figure. Her fleet gathered considerable infamy during the Second AI War as a cheap and reliable contractor, hitting far beyond their weight at the behest of the fastest bidder. The glory days, however, seem to be long gone.

Generous commissions and even military command positions were offered by all but always refused without reason, seemingly in favor of underpaid bounties and rote deliveries. The Ganymede fleet was a veritable force to be reckoned with, especially following the grievous losses felt by all following the conflict. Yet it remained dormant, inscrutable. For months at a time, she and her fleet would simply disappear off the face of the sector.

All it took was a single stray transponder signal for the pieces to fall into place. Following an anonymous lead, Hegemony COMINT quickly correlated her known activity (but mostly the gaps in-between) to a string of harrowing disappearances, ranging from numerous convoys and patrols to even the HSS Burgundy and her sister capital. Though analysts scrambled to pin a motive, she'd seemed as amiable to the Hegemony as to their rivals. The longer they investigated, the more missing fleets they came to realize had crossed hers.

There were far too many casualties for the situation to remain classified forever. A leak was simply inevitable. However, the response COMINT received was far from what they'd expected. In a rare and troubling show of diplomacy, Persean League and Tri-Tachyon naval intelligence corroborated a staggering number of their own losses. The sheer scale of destruction in every direction pointed not towards mercenary subterfuge or even piracy, but sociopathy. A cold, unexplainable opposition to everyone and everything the sector stood for.

Post-action analysis of the subsequent operation reveals it was assembled too hastily to vet its agents for clear judgement. Prejudice was extreme, perhaps excessive. After the smoke and debris had cleared, barely anything was left of Nola Ganymede to detain.

Impromptu response fleets from former enemies have joined forces on short notice, unlikely allies against an unexpected foe. Ganymede's fleet remains in orbit of Agreus, unaware of her fate but complicit in her atrocity. They are to be detained or destroyed at once.