Location: Some ways north-east of the Valhalla star system
Date: 195.02.22

In the cold and dark reaches of the sector, thoughts tend to wander when there's so little to look at.

Reports of AI activity in the outer reaches of the sector are rising, beginning to slip through Hegemony COMSEC's grasp and into the public consciousness, yet war concessions and subsequent naval inspections corroborate Tri-Tachyon's claims of innocence. Though the Treaty of Crom Cruach concluded the Second AI War just a year ago, tensions are at an all-time high. The Persean Sector is in an eerie calm before a certain storm.

Many worries occupy Commander Lanya Neil's mind as the HSS Burgundy's sensor officer grabs her attention. An unrecognized fleet signature consisting of unknown high-tech designs, seemingly with no logistical accompaniment, has appeared out of nowhere. Almost certainly, these are the culprits of the recent string of disappearances in this corner of the sector.

Although her venerable XIV Onslaught is accompanied by a sizeable escort, orders from central command are to report back and engage only with backup. For all the crew's desire to retire these abominations, Lanya is inclined to comply with her superiors. Intel on the approaching fleet is scarce and supplies are already stretched thin, so engagement under these circumstances would likely incur needless losses. Her fleet's top priority is to return their high-value XIV pattern ships safely and swiftly to Eventide.

Only when the return course is set and a sustained burn is prepared does that single, fateful anomaly surface: A lone low-tech frigate, barely keeping ahead of the contacts. A hapless crew in dire need of aid, and a crucial lead for COMINT should they live to share their story. The Commander grits her teeth as she maneuvers her fleet to rescue the stray survivors. Whatever dressing down she receives afterwards will be well worth the trouble - there are lives to be saved.

* * * 

The weight of your conscience feels heavier than ever as you power on your weapons. Good people will die at your hands.

The HSS Burgundy cannot be allowed to escape.