Location: Outside of the Westernesse star system
Date: 201.11.06

Accounts of Nola Ganymede's death were apparently exaggerated, although not by much. It had to have come pretty close that day, considering how many limbs she'd left behind.

Wherever her motives truly lie, she's still quite clearly a spacer captain at heart before anything else - more than evident from her rejuvenated fleet's audacious assault on Filkenhild's orbital station. The spoils of their sudden raid? A single Lasher-class frigate.

The chaos, alarms and evacuations are cut unceremoniously short. Head-counts and inventory checks all but confirm the comically underwhelming loss (singular) of the invasion, gone as quickly as it had appeared. Many a bewildered stare is exchanged beneath the station's blaring ochre emergency lights.

Local command, somewhat flummoxed but mostly vengeful, quickly sends notice to Kazeron. Nola Ganymede, an infamous terrorist thought to be dead for the last half-decade, has suddenly materialized in the middle of the Westernesse star system and raided a Persean League orbital station. For a low-tech frigate. The thought is almost as troubling as it is insulting to the navarchs. Her obscure, bloody legacy is to end here and now, before she can escape into the stars again.

The League's rapid reprisal waits outside the system, boasting more than enough firepower to crush an opposition far larger than the one they expect. A wave of relief washes across the bridge of the commanding navarch's battlecruiser as their prey emerges from the jump point - it seems as though they'll make it home sooner than expected.

* * *

The voices around her are urgent, but familiar. Though she'd lost almost everything else that fateful day, most of the Moonrise's crew had managed to disappear into Agreus' arcologies.

Her gloved hand runs across the dusty consoles as they light up, one after another - a comforting, yet hollow sensation felt through bionic fingers. It'd take another few years to fully acclimate.

Dead ahead, a fleet with twice the firepower of hers. And yet, she can't help but smile.

You're finally home.